ticdc: fix date-separator config of storage sink (#14511) (#14810)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/ticdc-changefeed-config.md

# The following three configuration items are only used when you replicate data to storage sinks and can be ignored when replicating data to MQ or MySQL sinks.
# Row terminator, used for separating two data change events. The default value is an empty string, which means "\r\n" is used.
# terminator = ''

> <<<<<<< HEAD
> # Date separator type used in the file directory. Value options are `none`, `year`, `month`, and `day`. `none` is the default value and means that the date is not separated. For more information, see <https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v7.1/ticdc-sink-to-cloud-storage#data-change-records>.
> # Note: This configuration item only takes effect if the downstream is a storage service.
> date-separator = 'none'
> # Whether to use partitions as the separation string. The default value is true, which means that partitions in a table are stored in separate directories. It is recommended that you keep the value as `true` to avoid potential data loss in downstream partitioned tables <https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/8724>. For usage examples, see <https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v7.1/ticdc-sink-to-cloud-storage#data-change-records>.
> =======
> # Date separator type used in the file directory. Value options are `none`, `year`, `month`, and `day`. `day` is the default value and means separating files by day. For more information, see <https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/ticdc-sink-to-cloud-storage#data-change-records>.
> # Note: This configuration item only takes effect if the downstream is a storage service.
> date-separator = 'day'
> # Whether to use partitions as the separation string. The default value is true, which means that partitions in a table are stored in separate directories. It is recommended that you keep the value as `true` to avoid potential data loss in downstream partitioned tables <https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/8724>. For usage examples, see <https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/ticdc-sink-to-cloud-storage#data-change-records)>.
> >>>>>>> 05a4a2eef4 (ticdc: fix date-separator config of storage sink (#14511))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Date separator type used in the file directory. Value options are `none`, `year`, `month`, and `day`. `day` is the default value and means separating files by day. For more information, see <https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/ticdc-sink-to-cloud-storage#data-change-records>.
# Note: This configuration item only takes effect if the downstream is a storage service.
date-separator = 'day'
# Whether to use partitions as the separation string. The default value is true, which means that partitions in a table are stored in separate directories. It is recommended that you keep the value as `true` to avoid potential data loss in downstream partitioned tables <https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/8724>. For usage examples, see <https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/ticdc-sink-to-cloud-storage#data-change-records)>.
```

# The following three configuration items are only used when you replicate data to storage sinks and can be ignored when replicating data to MQ or MySQL sinks.
# Row terminator, used for separating two data change events. The default value is an empty string, which means "\r\n" is used.
# terminator = ''

> # Date separator type used in the file directory. Value options are `none`, `year`, `month`, and `day`. `day` is the default value and means separating files by day. For more information, see <https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/ticdc-sink-to-cloud-storage#data-change-records>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Date separator type used in the file directory. Value options are `none`, `year`, `month`, and `day`. `day` is the default value and means separating files by day. For more information, see <https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v7.1/ticdc-sink-to-cloud-storage#data-change-records>.
```
